Documentation for CREATE SEQUENCE (#12)
YugaByte/docs: content/latest/api/ysql/_index.md

[`BEGIN`](transactions) | Start a transaction |
[`END` &#124; `COMMIT`](transactions) | Commit a transaction |

> ## Sequences

Reviewer: How about DROP SEQUENCE?

[`BEGIN`](transactions) | Start a transaction |
[`END` &#124; `COMMIT`](transactions) | Commit a transaction |

## Sequences
Statement | Description |
----------|------------|
[`CREATE SEQUENCE`](create_sequence) | Create a new sequence |
[`DROP SEQUENCE`](drop_sequence) | Drop a sequence |
[`nextval(sequence)`](nextval_sequence) | Get the next value in the sequence

> [`currval(sequence)`](currval_sequence) | Get the last value returned by a nextval call

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[`currval(sequence)`](currval_sequence) | Get the last value returned by the most recent nextval call for the specified sequence
```

> [`lastval()`](lastval_sequence) | Get the last value returned by any nextval call

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[`lastval()`](lastval_sequence) | Get the last value returned by the most recent nextval call for any sequence
```
